README.md, before:

# README #

Much of data analytical, in particular in an academic setting, integrates raw
input data from upstream producers with tools and scripts aiding in their
interpretation. Where [`R`](https://r-project.org) is used as the platform for
such downstream analysis, the canonical `R` packaging infrastructure (as e.g.
described [here](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html)
in detail) is well suited for this integration and the representation of a
package tracking input data and its analysis parallely in the file system might
look something like this:

`datapackageR`
### What is this repository for? ###

* Quick summary
* Version
* [Learn Markdown](https://bitbucket.org/tutorials/markdowndemo)

### How do I get set up? ###

* Summary of set up
* Configuration
* Dependencies
* Database configuration
* How to run tests
* Deployment instructions

### Contribution guidelines ###

* Writing tests
* Code review
* Other guidelines

### Who do I talk to? ###

* Repo owner or admin
* Other community or team contact

Commit message:

Start working on on-disk representation of a package;

README.md, after:

# README #

Much of data analytical, in particular in an academic setting, integrates raw
input data from upstream producers with tools and scripts aiding in their
interpretation. Where [`R`](https://r-project.org) is used as the platform for
such downstream analysis, the canonical `R` packaging infrastructure (as e.g.
described [here](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html)
in detail) is well suited for this integration and the representation of a
package tracking input data and its analysis parallely in the file system might
look something like this:

- analysis.of.x.2017 (top level directory)
    - DESCRIPTION ([standardized](https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/r-release/R-exts.html#The-DESCRIPTION-file)
	  file containing basic information about the package)

`datapackageR`
### What is this repository for? ###

* Quick summary
* Version
* [Learn Markdown](https://bitbucket.org/tutorials/markdowndemo)

### How do I get set up? ###

* Summary of set up
* Configuration
* Dependencies
* Database configuration
* How to run tests
* Deployment instructions

### Contribution guidelines ###

* Writing tests
* Code review
* Other guidelines

### Who do I talk to? ###

* Repo owner or admin
* Other community or team contact
